Most anticipated album of the year!

I'm not a big Billie Eilish fan. I really liked ocean eyes, but when bad guy went big, I was annoyed by the song, her aesthetic and her fans. Anyways her debut album was great, it had to grew on me but it did for the most part. Very unique electropop I come back from time to time. Her second album also has many great tracks but Its too messy and too long for my taste.

Personally, this was the most anticipated release of this year for me. She got me instantly when she teased us that her new album would be inspired by Radiohead, Deftones and MBV. 10 Songs & slightly above 40 Minutes: My golden ratio for promising albums., No pre released singles.... I was hyped af.

In the end, I don't see how this album is inspired by Radiohead etc. It's shifted in tone but not enough to completely fullfill what she teased us. Still, she and also Finneas, delivered an amazing album to us.

SKINNY is a very classic sad Billie Eilish song which directly amazed me. She talks about her sexuality and It's way more personal than her usual stuff. The production is very basic but I love the strings towards the end. The song transitions into LUNCH, which is a polar opposite to the first track. Upbeat, happy and verrrrry horny.

CHIHIRO might be the song of the year for me. Some ppl on here said the mixing on this song is bad but I think this was supposed to be this way. Somehow reminded me of the voice progression used for dream pop / shoegaze songs. Her voice has a constant battle versus the beat, just like the protagonist is held back in the song to open up towards the other person.

BIRDS OF A FEATHER and WILDFLOWER instantly reminded me of Cocteau Twins. The songs aren't really that similar, and they are not even dream pop, but her more silent voice and the production come out as heavily as some track off Heaven Or Las Vegas.

THE GREATEST is another amazing track off the album, again sounding heavily but this time way more sad. Very subtile production that could have been boring without that amazing beat switch towards the end. Wow these guitars were amazing.

I've not much to say about L'AMOUR DE MA VIE. The track is fine but I don't think the Dance/Hyperpop switch towards the end works on this project entirely.
THE DINER's production reminds me a more of classic Billie. Gives me some slight bad guy vibes.

The synths at the beginning of BITTERSUITE are amazing. Exactly my cup of tee. I would not have complained if they continued this sort of production until the end of the track... But instead it switches to Kahoot ahh lobby music paired with some strings. The production towards the end is godlike again and transitions into a perfect outro, BLUE. Amazing closer.

-!-- tldr ---

Finneas really outdid himself on this project. This man is mad talented. He achieved a cohesive project while experimenting with many different styles. Most of them worked, besides the Dance/Hyperpop one. But thats all the criticism I could say about this project.

Billie also grew on this project imo. Her lyrics are way more personal than before. While I understand that some folks are missing her very unique style she had on her first projects, I don't think the same formula again and again would have been worked. She looked for inspiration, tried something new and made something unique out of it.

Quality > Quantity and taking yourself enough time always works..... Enough with that Billie where's the next one???1!????1