💚💚💚💚 A G COOKED SO MUCH ON THIS PRODUCTION 💚💚💚💚

Yooo what this album is phenomenal! After CRASH it felt like Charli traded off her artistery to become mainstream but this album is the complete opposite. Since "Von Dutch" dropped every song felt so raw, experimental and unique but at the same time the project feels still cohesive.

The album starts off with two of the four singles "360" and "Club classics". Charli shows us that she wants to party. Just the classic bops only to vibe with your friends and forget everything around you. The second track really stood out to me, this might be A.G. Cooks best production on a Charli project since Pop 2. Very raw and hard hitting.
Charli gets more deep on the next track, talking about her vulnerabilities. "Sympathy is a knife" continues up the raw production, and Charli shooting against Taylor Swift.

After "I might say something stupid" which feels more like a interlude we come to two of the best songs on this album. "Talk Talk" is classic Charli. The song has a catchy repetetive hook but feels very personal to me. "Von dutch" might be her most catchiest song and definetly one of the songs of the summer. Again, very hard hitting.

"Everything is romantic" really caught me offguard. It's starts like a RAYE track with that calm orchestration and switches up towards the mid to a total dance track. The track is soo good and proves that Charli improved herself over the time but at the same time, this could already have been on Pop 2 or Charli. She is just one of the best.

"So I" is another calm song on this party album. Charli dedicated this song to her former friend and producer Sophie, who died back in 2021. The song is just sad... RIP SOPHIE

The album closes with "365" which might be the best on the album? I really can't decide on this one. The song starts the same as "360" but makes it older brother look like a total loser. This is her hardest hitting song ever (wow I've used that term very often on this review I'm sorry). Phenomenal album! (Might surpass Beyonce's Cowboy Carter which holds my spot for this year's AOTY)

TL:DR Hard hitting