10 YEARS KISS LAND
YOU'RE SOMEBODY NOW…BUT WHAT’S A SOMEBODY IN A NOBODY TOWN?

Kiss Land turns 10 years old today and just like any other The Weeknd project it I totally love it. Kiss Land was released after the first three Mixtapes which formed Trilogy and before The Weeknds big breakout album, Beauty Behind The Madness. Therefore its no wonder that this album is less talked about. In my opinion Kiss Land is way too under appreciated.

The Album comes with awesome vocal effects and very interesting dark production. He’s also sampling the 80s hit ‘Precious Little Diamond’ by Fox The Fox on ‘Wanderlust’, which I knew long before even listening to the Weeknd thanks to my dad.

Kiss Land describes the world of a popstar and his tour life, just like the one the Weeknd would have years later (and maybe already had at this time). He introduces us into the dark sides of being famous and how fame & love interact with eachother.

The Albums starts with ‘Professional’, a two-in-one track. For me Abel talks on this track about himself, or a famous person in general. In lines like ‘You’re somebody now, but whats a somebody in a nobodys town’, Abel adresses that even if you’re famous and known by several fans, you still ‘nobody’ because no one truly can know whats going on inside of you and in your heart.

In ‘The Town’, the protagonist looks back at his home town, which he left because he started his touring lifestyle. He looks back in time and thinks about the girl he met while he was living back in the small town. In contrast to the intro, there were people who deeply used to know him and not just fans who only know his outer apperance. I especially love his pure vocals on here they’re godlike.

[i hate this app I already wrote anything below this but I didn’t save it properly noo.. Anyways I will skip some tracks and only talk about the most important ones, even though I like the other tracks too]

On ‘Wanderlust’, the protagonist talks about having sex with a girl. Even though he could fall in love with her he simply don’t want to get attached to her. He denies her love so that she will be gone by the next day. You could also interpret it the way that he wants to fall in love but because he is on Tour he can’t build a emotional connection to the woman. And in contrary to the girl from the hometown, she doesn’t care about his inner feelings but only his fame.

‘Kiss Land’ marks the theme of the album. The protagonist talks about being on tour every day and only having two things on his mind: Making money and having sex. Even though the album is called Kiss Land, the protagonist takes lust over love. The songs again sets a dark tone for the album and warns the listener that this ‘is nothing to relate to’

The album ends with one of the Weeknds best songs: ‘Tears In The Rain’. The song is a beautiful but painful ballad about true love. The protagonist reminds himself back to the girl from his hometown, and even though she could have been his true love, she is gone. The protagonist should stop crying and let her go. Despite being lonely he wants to embrace his situation and the fame he achieved. In the end the protagonist wants to die happy, even though he knows that it’s hard to find real love while being famous.

Thank you for reading this, I never did a long review like this at all